images that recorded the entire
maiquel hawk show the
mma fighter at the convenience store
of a fuel station on the coast
Santa Catarina, the athlete hosts this girl
that was in the establishment's cashier
the young woman does not like and complains about the attitude
but ends up attacked on the face
the girl then goes to the door of the store and
calls the incoming friends initiating
fight
maiquel falcon is with the also fighter
cauê girl inside the store 12 exit at the
punch with the group that protected the young
the fight continues outside the
convenience in the yard of the post until
this young man in a red coat gets a
piece of wood and hits both fighters
Caution Makes the Faint and Continues
being beaten with kicks and punches
still unconscious a man comes back and
mug again fighter who remains
fallen on the floor
it is also possible to see the moment when
michael counter is assaulted in the head and
fainting, the two were rescued and
taken to hospital
maikel hawk suffered minor injuries and
was released from the unit the other fighter
the m ana remains in hospital ICU's
heart in severe condition
the civil police opened an inquiry into
investigate the case so far nobody
was arrested
the owner of the fuel station said
that this was not the first time
fighters gets involved in a mess in
a restaurant that sits on the patio of
and said that last year around
of eight fighters assaulted the
employees because of the sound and such
People only worked at night, they
arrived and wanted it to continue
open she took and served some more
thing to them they went inside
the restaurant and began to consume
she got off went to talk to them with a bully
my kitchen and she took it and
came here proposed the frentista that are
all the father of the family are fighters
were there and catch one of them was in 8 né